They live in a cave just outside the mountain
I strayed into it that day
Get away with it
They must have found me alive to find this place
I can take you to Shandong to find them.
But your poison has just come to an end
The body is still weak
You tell us the location of the cave
Let's go save people
Already detoxified
I won't hold you back
All right, let's go now.
Qiuyan, take care of yourself alone
If we don't come back tomorrow
You go to Jiang's house to find my father
Tell him about it.
I remember.
Sister, you are not careful.
The defense doesn't look tight here.
It looks loose here
In fact, the outside is loose and the inside is tight.
There are many guards inside
Don't worry.
I have a way to smoke them with quotes
Don't worry about hurting innocent people
We'll come back tonight
Let's go
Mingyue, don't be angry
I went back and made it clear to Lin Qinghuan again.
Then let's clarify